general;precise;GPT4_non_adjusted;GPT4_adjusted
Michael, William, and Robert communicate during an operation targeting goods kept in a vault.;Michael informs the others that they are ready. William gives the location of the vault, the third floor, and explains they must attack the security system. Michael indicates that Robert is working on it, which is later confirmed by Robert once he could shut it down. William notifies them to stay outside of the cameras' sight. Robert later says they could reach the vault, which is biometrically locked. William tells him to use the bypass device he provided. Robert later confirms that the device did its job and that they started gathering the goods. William indicates they have 15 minutes before the security is active again. Once they got all the goods, Robert notifies William and agree to meet at their rendezvous point.;The conversation between Michael, William, and Robert revolves around a heist operation in progress. The chat starts with Michael confirming that they are in position. William guides them to a vault on the third floor and instructs them to bypass the security system. Robert is successful in deactivating the security system and they move towards the vault. Despite active cameras, they manage to stay undetected. Upon reaching the vault, they encounter a biometric lock. With a device given by William, they manage to bypass the lock and gain access to the vault. They are given a 15-minute window to gather the goods and exit before the security system is reactivated. They manage to gather the goods in time and start heading towards the exit. William confirms that he will meet them at the rendezvous point.;The conversation between Michael, William, and Robert revolves around a heist operation in progress. The chat starts with Michael confirming that they are in position. William guides them to a vault on the third floor and instructs them to bypass the security system. Robert is successful in deactivating the security system and they move towards the vault. Despite active cameras, they manage to stay undetected. Upon reaching the vault, they encounter a biometric lock. With a device given by William, they manage to bypass the lock and gain access to the vault. They are given a 15-minute window to gather the goods and exit before the security system is reactivated. They manage to gather the goods in time and start heading towards the exit. William confirms that he will meet them at the rendezvous point.
